I know these shows along and I know a
lot of you haven't eaten since Labor Day
so I have a little surprise for everyone
this is my mother mom hi mom hi that's
my actual mom what are you making mom
and how many sandwiches have you made
just about 7,000 so my mother made 7,000
peanut butter and jelly sandwiches is
anyone hungry right now okay let's bring
in the kids from stranger things to pass
the peanut butter and jelly sandwiches
out come on in kids there they are
they're gonna be distributing them I'll
be distributing some too because we have
a lot of stuff too to hand out there you
go very good to see you Jane oh there
you go Tina that's for you Amy nuts for
you thank you there good to see ya hi
there there you are there you are some
of the bags have names on them
there you go Amy not for you oh Anthony
Anderson's mom is here how are you my
mom made food for everyone all right
there you go Anthony here's your's
very good okay all right oh by the way I
should ask does um anyone raise your
hand if you have a gluten allergy okay I
just want America to see which of their
favorite celebrities are the most
annoying
well also if you're allergic to peanuts
well I guess this is goodbye because we
only have what we can only afford one
EpiPen okay you need to take a snack
break vote we'll be right back with
everybody's favorite part of the show
the accountants thanks mom
[Music]
[Applause]
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and if didn't
subscribe anyway it's free who cares